docs: documents and guides (#11)
defi-wonderland/xkeeper-core: README.md

Reviewer: 37 line means `yarn docs:build` ?

Reviewer 2: fixed https://github.com/defi-wonderland/xkeeper-core/pull/11/commits/b2f41d14ebdb0f51def253e5318fb65a438ca06c

> # XKeeper Core

Reviewer 3: rename to xKeeper everywhere instead of XKeeper

> # XKeeper Core

Reviewer 3: This README should also mention the basics, such as what is a vault, what is a relayer, etc

Nevertheless, this is good as a first version

Author: 👍

[License: AGPL-3.0](https://github.com/defi-wonderland/xkeeper-core/blob/main/LICENSE)

⚠️ The code has not been audited yet, tread with caution.

## Overview

> XKeeper is a public good for on-chain automation. It should be very easy to create a job which can be run both by Keep3r, Gelato, Autonolas, or any other keeper out there. We have also deployed compatible relays to ensure seamless integration, but XKeeper is designed to work with any keeper of your choice, providing you with the flexibility to select the one that best suits your needs.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
xKeeper is a keeper network aggregator which aims to decentralise the on-chain automation of DeFi. With xKeep3r, using multiple keeper networks, such as Keep3r Network, Gelato, or others, will be a walk in the park.

xKeeper is a fully modular framework, designed to be the backbone of future onchain automation.
```

Author: 👍

| `yarn docs:`            | Generate documentation with [`forge doc`](https://book.getfoundry.sh/reference/forge/forge-doc). |
| `yarn docs:run`         | Start the documentation server.                                                                  |
| `yarn test`             | Run all unit and integration tests.                                                              |
| `yarn test:unit`        | Run unit tests.                                                                                  |
| `yarn test:integration` | Run integration tests.                                                                           |
| `yarn test:gas`         | Run all unit and integration tests, and make a gas report.                                       |

## Licensing

The primary license for XKeeper contracts is AGPL-3.0, see [`LICENSE`](./LICENSE).

## Contributors

XKeeper was built with ❤️ by [Wonderland](https://defi.sucks).

Wonderland is the largest core development group in web3. Our commitment is to a financial future that's open, decentralized, and accessible to all.

> [DeFi sucks](https://defi.sucks), but Wonderland is here to make it better.

Author: 👍

## Licensing

The primary license for xKeeper contracts is AGPL-3.0, see [`LICENSE`](./LICENSE).

## Contributors

xKeeper was built with ❤️ by [Wonderland](https://defi.sucks).

> Wonderland the largest core development group in web3. Our commitment is to a financial future that's open, decentralized, and accessible to all.

Reviewer: why no is

Reviewer 2: fixed https://github.com/defi-wonderland/xkeeper-core/pull/11/commits/6d107b03cbbadb6365cd118fc40289a32b40a92c
